after almost a year of waiting Daisy the
mayor finally gave birth to a gorgeous
fall
however when breeders studied her after
birth what they saw made their jaws drop
Jenny Benson founded Saratoga stud in
1997 the business is based in South
Africa and focuses on breeding
high-quality horses for sport needless
to say then Benson dedicates her life to
the animals in her care
but although she attended to all her
horses equally Benson still couldn't
help but to have her favourites and
among them was one mayor named Daisy so
when in 2014
Daisy became pregnant for the first time
the breeder was over the moon Daisy had
arrived at Saratoga stud from England
and she often caught the eye of visitors
on the ranch
thanks to her beautiful Palomino
coloring that seemed therefore bred her
with one of their stallions Trello Berg
decanter the average gestation period
for horses is 11 months often for
example stallions will impregnate mares
in summer and the foals will arrive the
following spring over the passing months
then Daisy's pregnancy progressed
normally by January 2014 though the
horse was a week overdue however it was
then that a stable worker rang Benson to
tell her that the mayor had gone into
labor and the breeder and her husband
arrived at the scene just in time to
witness the birth Daisy had fold a
stunning and absolutely tiny Palomino
Colt in fact the baby's size confused
Benson because his mother was quite tall
at close to 18 hands but although the
colt was small Benson was delighted with
the new arrival and naturally she wanted
to support Daisy so she decided to stay
by the animal's side in the stable to
comfort her as best she could however
when Daisy began to deliver the placenta
something didn't seem right
in fact it appeared to Benson that her
beloved mare was going into labor once
again at this point Daisy became
distracted by her newborn full but
Benson was still convinced that
something was going on
so she placed her hand inside the horse
and to her amazement touch
two tiny feet with no time to lose
Benson got her husband to pull the fall
out as he did so Benson held her arms
open to catch the animal and when it
finally emerged the couple waited with
bated breath to see if the little
creature was alive amazingly it was
Daisy had given birth to a healthy cry
mellow filly making her the mother of
one boy and one girl
Benson immediately noticed that unlike
her brother
the fall was tiny but her fighting
spirit was clear for all to see
nevertheless the twins would need all
the assistance they could get if they
were to grow big and strong so Benson
helped out with bottle feeds until both
twins were suckling from their mom with
ease and at that point the breeder was
sure they both survived
Daisy's heartwarming story subsequently
touched many animal lovers hearts and a
facebook photo album documenting her
labor soon garnered more than a thousand
likes
wow what a miracle red would comment
below the images praying that mom and
both babies do well interestingly a
Quine twins are pretty rare double
pregnancies often result in miscarriages
as mares are just not physically
equipped to carry more than one baby as
a result it's thought that just one twin
pregnancy in a hundred will result in
two healthy foals but thankfully it
seems that Daisy and her babies were
among the lucky ones
Benson later decided to name the Colt
Don Quixote and the filly duet and in
her and her team's expert care both the
twins were soon thriving so in January
Benson let the twins out for their
stable for the very first time to begin
with Benson was worried that Daisy might
abandon her babies when they were out in
the open
however the doting mom ensured that her
foal stayed nearby and the outing went
completely to plan
duet is catching up in size to her
brother she won't be as big as him but
we didn't think she'd grow as close in
size to him as she has already read an
update on the Saratoga stud Facebook
page in 2015 she's full of spunk and joy
and they both enjoy a good gallop around
the paddock
when let out in the morning they then
spend most of the day grazing next to
each other in May 2016 Don Quixote and
duet had blossomed into beautiful
animals they're both growing up into
spectacular young horses very mature for
their age
a Facebook post revealed you cannot
believe that these two have grown up
into these two horses Benson decided the
twins were so special that she couldn't
put them up for sale so now they're
growing up by their mother's side and
one day they'll no doubt become just as
lovely as she is I hope you liked this
video if so please hit the subscribe
button and click on the bell icon to
make sure you never miss a video from
our Channel